suck it up, princess!
If it was easy they would call it panty-man 
DON'T SUCK
Is that all you got, fat ass?? 
PR or ER        
When your alarm goes off and you're tired, think, they all want to be you
For some sports you need a ball, for triathlon you need two
Winners train, losers complain
Swim like your gonna drown, Ride like you stole it and Run like they are chasing you
Of course it's 'effing hard, it's IRONMAN!
You can quit and they won't care, but you will always know
Don't drown, don't crash, don't walk 
At the end of your life you will not be saying "I just wish I'd spent more time sitting on my ass watching TV"
There is no other way to race than all out
Tough times don't last. Tough people do.
It doesn't get any easier; you just get faster.
Pain is about seeing how strong you are mentally
The answer is hard work. What are you doing on Christmas Eve? Are you riding your bike? January 1st - are you riding your bike?
Pain is weakness leaving the body
I once met three guys named pain, suffering and sacrifice. Now we are inseparable. We are best friends.
Racing is a lot like wrestling a gorilla; you don't stop when you get tired you stop when the gorilla gets tired
If your relationship is working you're not training hard enough
Anyone can work hard when they want to; champions do it when they don't.
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse. 
Obsessed is a word the unmotivated use to describe the dedicated
Triathlon is for people who can't handle drugs and alcohol
I hated every minute of training, but I said, "Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion"
The faster I go now the sooner I can lie down
Pain now for pleasure later
I signed up to see how fast I could go... don't be such a friggin wuss!
I have a secret desire to see if I can make my heart explode, so far no luck!
I am a leader and a leader must lead
You've gotta get comfortable with being uncomfortable
Flail against the specter of mediocrity
Be dumb, just run!
Pain is temporary, quitting lasts forever
You will learn the pain in practice and you will feel it in every race
Get off the fucking wall
Pass the weak, hurdle the dead
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
The pain of discipline is far better than the pain of regret
There are two times to train: when you want to, and when you don't
Somewhere in the world someone is training when you are not. When you race him, he will win.
Scientific testing can't determine how the mind will tolerate pain in a race. Sometimes, I say, "Today I can die."
It's very hard in the beginning to understand that the whole idea is not to beat the other runners. Eventually you learn that the competition is against the little voice inside you that wants you to quit.
He only earns his freedom and his life, who takes them every day by storm.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses, behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights. 
The only tactics I admire are do-or-die. 
Junk in = Junk out
Passion is pushing myself when there is no one else around - just me and the road
The essential thing in life is not so much conquering as fighting well
The fishermen know that the sea is dangerous and the storm terrible, but they have never found these dangers sufficient reason for remaining ashore.
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.
It's not about speed and gold medals. It's about refusing to be stopped.
Remember, the feeling you get from a good run is far better than the feeling you get from sitting around wishing you were running.
This is not about instant gratification. You have to work hard for it, sweat for it, give up sleeping in on Sunday mornings. Consistency requires discipline. Force yourself out the door.
The best pace is a suicide pace, and today looks like a good day to die
It hurts up to a point and then it doesn't get any worse
Endurance is one of the most difficult disciplines, but it is to the one who endures that the final victory comes
Everyone has the desire to win, but only champions have the desire to prepare
It's not enough to want it, everyone out their wants it. You're gonna have to bleed for it
Want to go faster? Push harder
It is a sublime thing to suffer and be stronger
It's the lean wolf that leads the pack
Things will work out if you workout
If I am still standing at the end of the race, hit me with a board and knock me down, because that means I didn't run hard enough
The bold don't live forever, but the timid don't live at all
A day without sweating is a day worth forgetting
Miles make champions
Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go
Hope is not a strategy
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did
There are only two options regarding commitment, You're either in or you're out.  There's no such thing as life in between
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence is not an act but a habit
Champions are made when no one is watching
It's always too soon to quit
You don't get what you wish for; you get what you work for
There is no such thing as bad weather, just soft people
There will come a day you won't be able to do this; today is not that day
You know what sucks more than training? Losing. You know what sucks more than losing? Nothing.
Some people dream of success, while other people live to crush those dreams
you don't get very far in life if you only work hard on the days that you feel good. 
Today I do what others will not, so that tomorrow I can do what others can not
Running is a big question mark that's there each and every day. It asks you, 'Are you going to be a wimp or are you going to be strong today?
I like you. I'll gladly sit down and have dinner with you after the race. But when the gun goes off, I pretty much hate you, and I want to stomp your guts out. That's racing.
Know how sublime a thing it is to suffer and be strong